[Music]
[Music] then I raised my eyes and looked and
then I raised my eyes and looked and
then I raised my eyes and looked and behold a man with a measuring line in
behold a man with a measuring line in
behold a man with a measuring line in his hand so I said where are you going
his hand so I said where are you going
his hand so I said where are you going to measure Jerusalem to see what is its
to measure Jerusalem to see what is its
to measure Jerusalem to see what is its width and what is its length and there
width and what is its length and there
width and what is its length and there was the angel who talked with me going
was the angel who talked with me going
was the angel who talked with me going out and another angel was coming out to
out and another angel was coming out to
out and another angel was coming out to meet him one speak to this young man
meet him one speak to this young man
meet him one speak to this young man saying Jerusalem shall be inhabited as
saying Jerusalem shall be inhabited as
saying Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls because of the
towns without walls because of the
towns without walls because of the multitude of men and livestock in it for
multitude of men and livestock in it for
multitude of men and livestock in it for eyes says the Lord will be a wall of
eyes says the Lord will be a wall of
eyes says the Lord will be a wall of fire around her and I will be the glory
fire around her and I will be the glory
fire around her and I will be the glory in her midst up up flee from the land of
in her midst up up flee from the land of
in her midst up up flee from the land of the North says the Lord for I have
the North says the Lord for I have
the North says the Lord for I have spread you abroad like the four winds of
spread you abroad like the four winds of
spread you abroad like the four winds of heaven says the Lord up Zion escape you
heaven says the Lord up Zion escape you
heaven says the Lord up Zion escape you who dwell with the daughter of Babylon
who dwell with the daughter of Babylon
who dwell with the daughter of Babylon for thus says the Lord of Hosts he sent
for thus says the Lord of Hosts he sent
for thus says the Lord of Hosts he sent me after glory to the nations which
me after glory to the nations which
me after glory to the nations which plunder you for he who touches you
plunder you for he who touches you
plunder you for he who touches you touches the apple of his eye for surely
touches the apple of his eye for surely
touches the apple of his eye for surely I will shake my hand against them and
I will shake my hand against them and
I will shake my hand against them and they shall become spoil for their
they shall become spoil for their
they shall become spoil for their servants then you will know that the
servants then you will know that the
servants then you will know that the Lord of Hosts has sent me sing and
Lord of Hosts has sent me sing and
Lord of Hosts has sent me sing and rejoice o daughter of Zion for behold I
rejoice o daughter of Zion for behold I
rejoice o daughter of Zion for behold I am coming and I will dwell in your midst
am coming and I will dwell in your midst
am coming and I will dwell in your midst says the Lord many nations shall be
says the Lord many nations shall be
says the Lord many nations shall be joined to the Lord in that day and they
joined to the Lord in that day and they
joined to the Lord in that day and they shall become my people and I will dwell
shall become my people and I will dwell
shall become my people and I will dwell in your midst then you will know that
in your midst then you will know that
in your midst then you will know that the Lord of Hosts has sent me to you and
the Lord of Hosts has sent me to you and
the Lord of Hosts has sent me to you and the Lord will take possession of Judah
the Lord will take possession of Judah
the Lord will take possession of Judah and his inheritance in the Holy Land and
and his inheritance in the Holy Land and
and his inheritance in the Holy Land and will again choose Jerusalem be silent
will again choose Jerusalem be silent
will again choose Jerusalem be silent all flesh before the Lord for he is
all flesh before the Lord for he is
all flesh before the Lord for he is aroused from his holy habitation
aroused from his holy habitation
aroused from his holy habitation [Music]